Hello
hunny
bunny
hunny
bunny
toko
toko

Welcome to Wikipedia,
the free encyclopedia that anyone can edit.
5,481,192 articles in English
ArtsBiographyGeographyHistoryMathematicsScienceSocietyTechnologyAll portals
From today's featured article
The ship, c. 1984
INS Vikrant (from Sanskrit for "courageous") was a Majestic-class aircraft carrier of the Indian Navy. The ship was laid down as HMS Hercules for the British Royal Navy during World War II and launched on 22 September 1945, but construction was put on hold when the war ended. India purchased the incomplete carrier in 1957, and construction was completed in 1961. Vikrant was commissioned as the first aircraft carrier of the Indian Navy and played a key role in enforcing the naval blockade of East Pakistan during the Indo-Pakistan War of 1971. In its later years, the ship underwent major refits to embark modern aircraft, before being decommissioned in January 1997. Vikrant was preserved as a museum ship in Cuffe Parade, Mumbai, until 2012. The ship was sold through an online auction in January 2014 and scrapped in November 2014 after final clearance from the Supreme Court. The Indian Navy is currently constructing its first home-built carrier, also named INS Vikrant, scheduled to be commissioned by the end of 2018. (Full article...)

Recently featured: The Blue Flame (play) Planet Stories Egyptian temple
Archive By email More featured articles
Did you know...
Keyhole limpet shell
Keyhole limpet shell
... that the scale worm Arctonoe vittata protects the keyhole limpet (shell pictured) with which it lives by attacking predatory starfish?
... that 14-year-old Lai Ning died fighting a forest fire in China in 1988 and was subsequently declared a revolutionary martyr?
... that Vince Lombardi began his football coaching career at New Jersey's St. Cecilia High School, where he taught algebra, chemistry, physics and Latin, in addition to his coaching duties?
... that the Martian wedge-shaped mound Abalos Mensa has been described as "an enigmatic wedge of material"?
... that Anette Hosoi designed a robot snail that moved by rippling over artificial snail slime?
... that the 2017 Washington wildfires caused ash to fall "like snow" on Seattle?
... that Orora Satoshi is the heaviest ever wrestler in professional sumo?
... that television showings and online streaming of the documentary Amelia Earhart: The Lost Evidence were stopped after a blogger discredited its key photograph?
Recent additions Start a new article Nominate an article
In the news
Earthquake damagein Mexico City
Earthquake damage
in Mexico City
A magnitude 7.1 earthquake strikes central Mexico (damage pictured), killing more than two hundred people.
Hurricane Maria crosses the Antilles as a Category 5 hurricane, causing widespread destruction and at least nine deaths.
In U.S. television, The Handmaid's Tale wins Best Drama and Veep wins Best Comedy at the Primetime Emmy Awards.
In Gaelic football, Dublin beat Mayo in the final to win their third consecutive All-Ireland title.
The Cassini–Huygens mission to the Saturn system ends with a controlled fall into the atmosphere of the planet.
Carbon dating of the Bakhshali manuscript reveals the earliest known Indian use of a zero symbol.
Ongoing: Northern Rakhine State clashes
Recent deaths: David Shepherd Mary Fairfax Stanislav Petrov Bobby Heenan
On this day...
September 22: Independence Day in Mali (1960); Day of Baltic Unity in Latvia and Lithuania

François "Papa Doc" Duvalier
François "Papa Doc" Duvalier
1586 – Eighty Years' War: Spanish forces were victorious against a combined Anglo-Dutch army in the Battle of Zutphen.
1914 – World War I: German naval forces bombarded Papeete in French Polynesia.
1922 – After nine days, the great fire of Smyrna was extinguished, having caused tens of thousands of deaths.
1957 – François "Papa Doc" Duvalier (pictured) was elected President of Haiti as a populist before consolidating power and ruling as a dictator for the rest of his life.
1993 – A tugboat towing a barge collided with a rail bridge in Mobile, Alabama, U.S., deforming the tracks and causing the derailment of a passenger train eight minutes later, which killed 47 people and injured an additional 103.
Ouyang Xiu (d. 1072) · Charlotte Cooper (b. 1870) · Ségolène Royal (b. 1953)

More anniversaries: September 21 September 22 September 23
Archive By email List of historical anniversaries
From today's featured list
Clifton Suspension Bridge
Clifton Suspension Bridge
There are 37 Grade I listed buildings in North Somerset, including the Clifton Suspension Bridge (pictured), which joins North Somerset to Bristol, and Clevedon Pier. North Somerset is a unitary authority in the ceremonial county of Somerset, England. In the United Kingdom, the term listed building refers to a building or other structure officially designated as being of special architectural, historical or cultural significance; Grade I structures are those considered to be "buildings of exceptional interest". Of the listed buildings, manor houses include Clevedon Court, built in the 14th century, and from the 15th century, Ashton Court and Nailsea Court. Somerset has many religious structures; the largest number are from the Norman or medieval eras. Some of the churches are included in the Somerset towers, a collection of distinctive, mostly spireless Gothic church towers. (Full list...)

Recently featured: Grammy Award for Best Dance Recording Valve Corporation video games World Series Cricket international centuries
Archive More featured lists
Today's featured picture
Echidna catenata	
Echidna catenata, also known as the chain moray, is a species of moray eel found in shallow parts of the western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean. It is mainly nocturnal, hiding in holes and crevices in shallow water during the day. Although it may reach a maximum length of 165 cm (65 in), lengths of about 40 cm (16 in) are more common.

Photograph: Betty Wills

Recently featured: Charlottenburg Palace Lake Urmia drainage Carina Nebula
Archive More featured pictures
Other areas of Wikipedia
Community portal – Bulletin board, projects, resources and activities covering a wide range of Wikipedia areas.
Help desk – Ask questions about using Wikipedia.
Local embassy – For Wikipedia-related communication in languages other than English.
Reference desk – Serving as virtual librarians, Wikipedia volunteers tackle your questions on a wide range of subjects.
Site news – Announcements, updates, articles and press releases on Wikipedia and the Wikimedia Foundation.
Village pump – For discussions about Wikipedia itself, including areas for technical issues and policies.
Wikipedia's sister projects
Wikipedia is hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation, a non-profit organization that also hosts a range of other projects:

Commons	Commons
Free media repository	MediaWiki	MediaWiki
Wiki software development	Meta-Wiki	Meta-Wiki
Wikimedia project coordination
Wikibooks	Wikibooks
Free textbooks and manuals	Wikidata	Wikidata
Free knowledge base	Wikinews	Wikinews
Free-content news
Wikiquote	Wikiquote
Collection of quotations	Wikisource	Wikisource
Free-content library	Wikispecies	Wikispecies
Directory of species
Wikiversity	Wikiversity
Free learning materials and activities	Wikivoyage	Wikivoyage
Free travel guide	Wiktionary	Wiktionary
Dictionary and thesaurus
Wikipedia languages
This Wikipedia is written in English. Started in 2001, it currently contains 5,481,192 articles. Many other Wikipedias are available; some of the largest are listed below.

More than 1,000,000 articles: Deutsch Español Français Italiano Nederlands ??? Polski ??????? Svenska Ti?ng Vi?t
More than 250,000 articles: ??????? Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu Català Ceština Euskara ????? ??? Magyar Norsk Português Româna Srpski Srpskohrvatski Suomi Türkçe ?????????? ??
More than 50,000 articles: Bosanski ????????? Dansk Eesti ???????? English (simple form) Esperanto Galego ????? Hrvatski Latviešu Lietuviu Norsk nynorsk Slovencina Slovenšcina ???
Complete list of Wikipedias
Navigation menu
Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog inMain PageTalkReadView sourceView historySearch

Search Wikipedia
SearchGo
Main page
Contents
Featured content
Current events
Random article
Donate to Wikipedia
Wikipedia store
Interaction
Help
About Wikipedia
Community portal
Recent changes
Contact page
Tools
What links here
Related changes
Upload file
Special pages
Permanent link
Page information
Wikidata item
Print/export
Create a book
Download as PDF
Printable version
In other projects
Wikimedia Commons
MediaWiki
Meta-Wiki
Wikispecies
Wikibooks
Wikidata
Wikinews
Wikiquote
Wikisource
Wikiversity
Wikivoyage
Wiktionary
Languages
???????
?????????
Bosanski
Català
Ceština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
????????
Español
Esperanto
Euskara
?????
Français
Galego
???
Hrvatski
Bahasa Indonesia
Italiano
?????
???????
Latviešu
Lietuviu
Magyar
Bahasa Melayu
Nederlands
???
Norsk
Norsk nynorsk
Polski
Português
Româna
???????
